Use kw_only=True parameter in dataclass module (#673)
XRPLF/xrpl-py: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed
- Added support for `XChainModifyBridge` flag maps (fixing an issue with `NFTokenCreateOffer` flag names)
- Fixed `XChainModifyBridge` validation to allow just clearing of `MinAccountCreateAmount`

> - Added support for IDE auto-completion of Ledger Object constructors using KW_ONLY data_class attribute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for IDE auto-completion of model constructors
```
